Playlists: Graduate to v1 apis (#117638)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/developer-resources/api-reference/http-api/playlist.md

# Playlist API

> To view more about the API structure, refer to [API overview](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/developers/http_api/apis/).

## List Playlists

`GET /apis/playlist.grafana.app/v1/namespaces/:namespace/playlists`

Lists all playlists in the specified namespace.

> - namespace: to read more about the namespace to use, see the [API overview](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/developers/http_api/apis/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `namespace`: To learn more about which namespace to use, refer to the [API overview](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/developers/http_api/apis/).
```

    "resourceVersion": "1234567890"
  },
  "spec": {
    "title": "My Updated Playlist",
    "interval": "10m",
    "items": [
      {
        "type": "dashboard_by_uid",
        "value": "dashboard-uid-1"
      },
      {
        "type": "dashboard_by_uid",
        "value": "dashboard-uid-2"
      },
      {
        "type": "dashboard_by_tag",
        "value": "updated-tag"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

**Example Response**:

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "kind": "Playlist",
  "apiVersion": "playlist.grafana.app/v1",
  "metadata": {
    "name": "my-playlist-uid",
    "namespace": "default",
    "resourceVersion": "1234567892",
    "creationTimestamp": "2024-01-15T10:30:00Z"
  },
  "spec": {
    "title": "My Updated Playlist",
    "interval": "10m",
    "items": [
      {
        "type": "dashboard_by_uid",
        "value": "dashboard-uid-1"
      },
      {
        "type": "dashboard_by_uid",
        "value": "dashboard-uid-2"
      },
      {
        "type": "dashboard_by_tag",
        "value": "updated-tag"
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

## Delete a Playlist

`DELETE /apis/playlist.grafana.app/v1/namespaces/:namespace/playlists/:name`

Deletes a playlist.

> - namespace: to read more about the namespace to use, see the [API overview](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/developers/http_api/apis/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `namespace`: To learn more about which namespace to use, refer to the [API overview](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/developers/http_api/apis/).
```
